hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2018 biographical comedy-drama
film Feist so let's get started we will
do our best to make sure we do summaries
for all the 2019 ask for Best Picture
nominees before the awards check out the
playlist above for more nominees
summaries one thing to note this film is
not out on blu-ray yet so I had to work
with the available footage to get this
out before the Oscars the film follows
the life of former Vice President Dick
Cheney following his life from beginning
as an electrical lineman to becoming a
White House intern in the Nixon
administration where he meets Donald
Rumsfeld Cheney begins to move through
politics with the support of his wife
Lynne and their daughters Miriam Liz
Cheney becomes chief of staff for
President Gerald Ford and Rumsfeld
becomes Secretary of Defense after four
it is ousted Cheney becomes the
representative for Wyoming even after
having a heart attack during the
campaign he makes his way to Secretary
of Defense under George HW Bush during
which his daughter Mary comes out as a
lesbian Cheney eventually decides to
back out of politics to prevent Mary
from media scrutiny Cheney becomes
president of Halliburton a large oil
company he is invited by George W Bush
to become his running me Cheney accepts
but wants to control the energy and
foreign policy bush is elected Cheney
becomes vice president and then we see
Cheney being the man calling the shots
behind a lot of terrible things like
destruction torture war profiteering and
death later Cheney nearly dies from a
heart failure but receives a transplant
a few years later we see his daughter
Liz under direction from Cheney taking
opposition to gay marriage to appease
conservative voters and this upsetting
her lesbian sister Mary as the film ends
we see Cheney stating to the camera that
he has no regrets over what he did
during his career and that he feels that
the ends justify the means in a mid
credit scene we see a conservative
calling the film a biased attack while
two panelists discussed the next fast in
the Furious movie so that was the
spoilers for Vice if you have another
film you'd like to see me spoil please
let me know in the comments but
checkout movie spoiler alerts on social
media and remember to like and subscribe
thanks for watching